README.md, before:

# Backend Simple Buyers Platform

> “From emotions to materials, it's all about buying and selling”
― Mehnaz Ansari

## Index

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Used Technologies](#used-technologies)
- [Features](#featuresendpoints)
    - [Load data to database](#1-load-data-to-database)
    - [List buyers](#2-list-buyers)
    - [Query buyers](#3-query-buyers)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)

## Overview

API REST used by 
<a href='https://github.com/zejiran/frontend-simple-buyers-platform'>zejiran/frontend-simple-buyers-platform</a>
that is a simple buyer platform on Vue.js.

## Used Technologies

- Language: Go.
- Database: Dgraph.
- API Router: ```chi```.
- Interface: Vue.js & Vuetify.

## Features/endpoints

### 1. Load data to database:

- Allows loading data from an endpoint based on a specific date.
- Download, process and store in a local database. 
- By default, loads actual day.

##### Data to be load:

1. List of products of the day.
2. List of buyers of the day.
3. List of transactions of the day.

### 2. List buyers:

- List all people that have bought on the platform.
- Use a local database with loaded data, day does not matter.

### 3. Query buyers:

Gets ID of buyer and return:

- Shopping history.
- Other buyers using same IP.
- Some product recommendations that people also bought.

## Usage

1. Install [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) and [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/).
2. ```cd api-rest```.
2. ```make dgraph``` for install packages and run Dgraph.
3. On another terminal run ```npm run inject-dgraph-schema```.
4. Our GraphQL native database is ready to use.
Run queries in a tool like [GraphQL Playground](https://legacy.graphqlbin.com/new)
with ```http://localhost:9000/graphql``` endpoint.

## License

[![License](http://img.shields.io/:license-mit-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://badges.mit-license.org)

- **[MIT license](LICENSE)**
- Copyright 2020 © Juan Alegría.

<img src='https://i.ibb.co/sWSrvyF/logo.png' width="40%" alt="Logo">

Commit message:

feat: decode and store responses
Create an autogenerator for decoding and storing our endpoint
responses on CSV and JSON format. Delete Dgraph from project due
to difficults working with it.

README.md, after:

# Backend Simple Buyers Platform

> “From emotions to materials, it's all about buying and selling”
― Mehnaz Ansari

## Index

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Used Technologies](#used-technologies)
- [Features](#featuresendpoints)
    - [Load data to database](#1-load-data-to-database)
    - [List buyers](#2-list-buyers)
    - [Query buyers](#3-query-buyers)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)

## Overview

API REST used by 
<a href='https://github.com/zejiran/frontend-simple-buyers-platform'>zejiran/frontend-simple-buyers-platform</a>
that is a simple buyer platform on Vue.js.

## Used Technologies

- Language: Go.
- Database: $NAME (It was Dgraph. After trying to use it for a while 
and can't get a good result, I have decided to use a different database.
I would try to use it on this project when more documentation about Dgraph release).
- API Router: ```chi```.
- Interface: Vue.js & Vuetify.

## Features/endpoints

### 1. Load data to database:

- Allows loading data from an endpoint based on a specific date.
- Download, process and store in a local database. 
- By default, loads actual day.

##### Data to be load:

1. List of products of the day.
2. List of buyers of the day.
3. List of transactions of the day.

### 2. List buyers:

- List all people that have bought on the platform.
- Use a local database with loaded data, day does not matter.

### 3. Query buyers:

Gets ID of buyer and return:

- Shopping history.
- Other buyers using same IP.
- Some product recommendations that people also bought.

## Usage

1. Go to [Fronted](https://github.com/zejiran/frontend-simple-buyers-platform),
if you haven't checked it out.
2. Run ```make letsgo``` and follow instructions on terminal.
3. Now you have generated CSV and JSON files from endpoints:
![Generated](https://i.ibb.co/ZLGq0Xj/jsoncsv.gif)

## License

[![License](http://img.shields.io/:license-mit-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://badges.mit-license.org)

- **[MIT license](LICENSE)**
- Copyright 2020 © Juan Alegría.

<img src='https://i.ibb.co/sWSrvyF/logo.png' width="40%" alt="Logo">
